All right so I'm thinking the light should come on right about here.
And so yeah if it came on right here and then he turned now the light could swing over.
Beginning at this point so many keyframe here.
I'm going to press the key and select location because that's all we need.
We're just adjusting the location of this control object.
And then it's going to swing over like that may be right about here.
So let me go to the top view now and wireframe the orthographic view.
And so at this point in time it's got to swing over to where he's looking so like that
OK let me go back.
So it swings over like that and maybe down a bit let's have it go down.
All right let's try that
drops.
Looks swings over and then swing back
OK let's try that and it looks swings so I bet I could make this a little bit earlier here
let me move this up a bit like this.
All right.
So he drops it comes on.
Looks over there looks over here and then swings back.
OK.
So I think
he looks over and he's going to have to start swinging that thing around.
At this point.
So the location should go there.
So now I'm going to go back to the top you and wireframe and swing that back around over to the camera.
At this point after he looks
let's see anchor at and I want him to.
So I think I want this keyframe to move to here and then we want to swing that around there.
Let's try that.
I want to put it right in front of the camera here.
See row Z.
Bring that down right in front of the camera so it's pointing right in your eyes.
I like that
all right.
Let's try that
So that's not bad.
I think it needs to be quicker though.
Used to really whip around
so something like this.
Right around 300 I'm going to put it.
Move that keyframe over and let's try this at play so he drops like comes on swish over there and move
it over here.
It's not bad.
Drop light comes on.
Look over there.
Look over here.
Yeah I think we're getting there.
Let's take a look at it one more time from the very beginning.
So I'll take this down to one and this is at 360 that's fine.
And our press control up arrow to make this full screen and now it's hit Control A and play it.
So he drops their and they're
all right so here's the whole thing he drops down moves forward turns off his thrusters.
Looks over there and then looks over here and then that's the end.
So I think what I will do is take a little bit and make a pass for the fingers and final touches.
But I think after that we'll be ready to begin the final setup of the lights in the scene.